Terms of Service
================

Last revised on 02/11/2022

### Your Agreement with MMR Angel

Your use of the MMR Angel service is governed by this agreement (the "Terms"). "MMR Angel" means MMR Angel Inc. The "Service" means the services MMR Angel makes available include our web sites, our blog, our API, and any other software, sites, and services offered by MMR Angel in connection to any of those. "Customer Source Code" means any source code you submit to MMR Angel for the purpose of using the Service. "Content" means all content generated by MMR Angel on your behalf (including metric data) and does not include Customer Source Code.

In order to use the Service, You (the "Customer", "You", or "Your") must first agree to the Terms. You understand and agree that MMR Angel will treat Your use of the Service as acceptance of the Terms from that point onwards.

MMR Angel may make changes to the Terms from time to time. You may reject the changes by terminating Your account. You understand and agree that if You use the Service after the date on which the Terms have changed, MMR Angel will treat Your use as acceptance of the updated Terms.

If you have any question about the Terms, please contact us at [CONTACT EMAIL].

### Your Account

* You may not use the Service if You are a person barred from receiving the Service under the laws of the United States or other countries, including the country in which You are resident or from which You use the Service.
* You may not use the service unless you are over the age of 13.
* You must be a human. Account created by automated methods are not permitted.

### Use of the Service

* You must provide accurate and complete registration information any time You register to use the Service.
* You are responsible for the security of Your passwords and for any use of Your account.
* Your use of the Service must comply with all applicable laws, regulations and ordinances.
* You agree to not engage in any activity that interferes with or disrupts the Service.
* MMR Angel reserves the right to enforce quotas and usage limits (to any resources, including the API) at its sole discretion, with or without notice, which may result in MMR Angel disabling or throttling your usage of the Service for any amount of time.
* You may not allow multiple people to use the same account or otherwise access the Service in a manner intended to avoid incurring fees.

### Service Policies and Privacy

The Service shall be subject to the privacy policy for the Service available at privacy policy. You agree to the use of Your data in accordance with MMR Angel's privacy policies.

### Fees for Use of the Service

* The Service may be provided to You without charge up with certain limits or for a certain "trial" period of time.
* Usage over this limit (or after the "trial" period) requires Your purchase of additional resources or services.
* For all purchased resources and services, we will charge Your credit card on a monthly basis.
* Payments are non-refundable. There will be no refunds or credits for partial months of service, upgrade/downgrade refunds, or refunds for months unused with an open account.
* Charges are solely based on MMR Angel's measurements of Your use of the Service, unless otherwise agreed to in writing.
* All fees are exclusive of all taxes, levies, or duties imposed by taxing authorities, and You shall be responsible for payment of all such taxes, levies, or duties.
* You acknowledge and agree that any credit card and related billing and payment information that You provide to MMR Angel may be shared by MMR Angel with companies who work on MMR Angel's behalf, such as payment processors and/or credit agencies, solely for the purposes of checking credit, effecting payment to MMR Angel and servicing Your account.
* MMR Angel may change its fees and payment policies for the Service by notifying You at least thirty (30) days before the beginning of the billing cycle in which such change will take effect.

### Cancellation and Termination

* You must cancel Your account via this site. An email or phone request to cancel Your account is not considered cancellation.
* You will not receive any refunds if You cancel Your account.
* If You cancel the Service before the end of Your current paid up month, Your cancellation will take effect immediately and You will not be charged again.
* All of Customer Source Code and Content will, within a reasonable amount of time to be determined solely by MMR Angel, be deleted from the Service upon cancellation.
* You agree that MMR Angel, in its sole discretion and for any or no reason, may terminate or suspend Your account. You agree that any termination of Your access to the Service may be without prior notice, and You agree that MMR Angel will not be liable to You or any third party for such termination.

### Customer Source Code

* MMR Angel claims no ownership or control over any Customer Source Code. You retain copyright and any other rights You already hold in the Customer Source Code and You are responsible for protecting those rights, as appropriate.
* You agree to assume full responsibility for configuring the Service to allow appropriate access to any Customer Source code provided to the Service.
* You understand that public projects display Customer Source Code to any party on the Internet, including search engines and web spiders.
* You understand that private projects will display Customer Source Code to You and any collaborators that you designate for that project.
* You retain sole responsibility for any collaborators or third-party services that you allow to view Customer Source Code and entrust them at your own risk.
* MMR Angel is not responsible if you fail to configure, or misconfigure, your project and inadvertently allow unauthorized parties view any Customer Source Code.

### Ideas and Feedback

You may choose to or we may invite You to submit comments or ideas about the Service, including but not limited to ideas about improving the Service or our products ("Ideas"). By submitting any Idea, You agree that Your disclosure is unsolicited and without restriction and will not place MMR Angel under any fiduciary or other obligation, and that we are free to use the Idea without any additional compensation to You, and/or to disclose the Idea on a non-confidential basis or otherwise to anyone.

### Modification of the Service

* You acknowledge and agree that the Service may change from time to time without prior notice to You.
* Changes include, without limitation, changes to fee and payment policies, security patches, added or removed functionality, and other enhancements or restrictions.
* MMR Angel shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, price change, suspension or discontinuance of the Service.

### External Resources

The Services may include hyperlinks to other web sites or content or resources or email content. You acknowledge and agree that MMR Angel is not responsible for the availability of any such external sites or resources, and does not endorse any advertising, products or other materials on or available from such web sites or resources.

### License from MMR Angel and Restrictions

MMR Angel gives You a personal, worldwide, royalty-free, non-assignable and non-exclusive license to use the software provided to You by MMR Angel as part of the Service as provided to You by MMR Angel. This license is for the sole purpose of enabling You to use and enjoy the benefit of the Service as provided by MMR Angel, in the manner permitted by the Terms.

You may not (and You may not permit anyone else to): (a) copy, modify, create a derivative work of, reverse engineer, decompile or otherwise attempt to extract the source code of the Service or any part thereof, unless this is expressly permitted or required by law, or unless You have been specifically told that You may do so by MMR Angel, in writing (e.g., through an open source software license); or (b) attempt to disable or circumvent any security mechanisms used by the Service.

Open source software licenses for components of the Service released under an open source license constitute separate written agreements. To the limited extent that the open source software licenses expressly supersede these Terms, the open source licenses govern Your agreement with MMR Angel for the use of the components of the Service released under an open source license.

### Exclusion of warranties

* You expressly understand and agree that your use of the service is at your sole risk and that the service is provided "as is" and "as available.".
* You agree that MMR Angel has no responsibility or liability for the deletion or failure to store any Content and other communications maintained or transmitted through use of the Service. You further acknowledge that You are solely responsible for securing and backing up Customer Source Code.
* MMR Angel does not warrant to you that: (a) your use of the service will meet your requirements, (b) your use of the service will be uninterrupted, timely, secure or free from error, (c) the results or data provided by the Service will be accurate, (d) the quality of the service will meet your expectations and (e) any errors in the Service will be fixed.

### Limitation of liability

You expressly understand and agree that MMR Angel, its subsidiaries and affiliates, and its licensors shall not be liable to you for any direct, indirect, incidental, special consequential or exemplary damages which may be incurred by you, however caused and under any theory of liability. This shall include, but not be limited to, any loss of profit (whether incurred directly or indirectly), any loss of goodwill or business reputation, any loss of data suffered, cost of procurement of substitute goods or services, or other intangible loss (whether or not MMR Angel has been advised of or should have been aware of the possibility of any such losses arising).

### Indemnification

You agree to hold harmless and indemnify MMR Angel, and its subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, agents, employees, advertisers, licensors, suppliers or partners (collectively "MMR Angel and Partners") from and against any third party claim arising from or in any way related to (a) Your breach of the Terms, (b) Your use of the Service, (c) Your violation of applicable laws, rules or regulations in connection with the Service, or (d) Your Customer Source Code, including any liability or expense arising from all claims, losses, damages (actual and consequential), suits, judgments, litigation costs and attorneys' fees, of every kind and nature. In such a case, MMR Angel will provide You with written notice of such claim, suit or action.

### General Legal Terms

The Terms constitute the whole legal agreement between You and MMR Angel and govern Your use of the Service and completely replace any prior agreements between You and MMR Angel in relation to the Service.

You agree that if MMR Angel does not exercise or enforce any legal right or remedy which is contained in the Terms (or which MMR Angel has the benefit of under any applicable law), this will not be taken to be a formal waiver of MMR Angel's rights and that those rights or remedies will still be available to MMR Angel.

MMR Angel shall not be liable for failing or delaying performance of its obligations resulting from any condition beyond its reasonable control, including but not limited to, governmental action, acts of terrorism, earthquake, fire, flood or other acts of God, labor conditions, power failures, and Internet disturbances.

## Privacy policy
Privacy Policy
==============

Last revised on 02/11/2022

### The Gist

MMR Angel will collect certain non-personally identify information about you as you use our sites. We may use this data to better understand our users. We can also publish this data, but the data will be about a large group of users, not individuals.

We will also ask you to provide personal information, but you'll always be able to opt out. If you give us personal information, we won't do anything evil with it.

We can also use cookies, but you can choose not to store these.

That's the basic idea, but you must read through the entire Privacy Policy below and agree with all the details before you use any of our sites.

### Reuse

This document is based upon the [Automattic Privacy Policy](http://automattic.com/privacy/) and is licensed under [Creative Commons Attribution Share-Alike License 2.5](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/2.5/). Basically, this means you can use it verbatim or edited, but you must release new versions under the same license and you have to credit Automattic somewhere (like this!). Automattic is not connected with and does not sponsor or endorse MMR Angel or its use of the work.

MMR Angel, Inc. ("MMR Angel") makes available services include our web sites ([URL] and [URL]), our blog, our API, and any other software, sites, and services offered by MMR Angel in connection to any of those (taken together, the "Service"). It is MMR Angel's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites.

### Questions

If you have question about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at [CONTACT EMAIL]

### Visitors

Like most website operators, MMR Angel collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. MMR Angel's purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how MMR Angel's visitors use its website. From time to time, MMR Angel may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.

MMR Angel also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses. MMR Angel does not use such information to identify its visitors, however, and does not disclose such information, other than under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information, as described below. We may also collect and use IP addresses to block users who violated our Terms of Service.

### Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information

Certain visitors to MMR Angel's websites choose to interact with MMR Angel in ways that require MMR Angel to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that MMR Angel gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. MMR Angel collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with MMR Angel. MMR Angel does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Service-related activities.

Additionally, some interactions, such as posting a comment, may ask for optional personal information. For instance, when posting a comment, may provide a website that will be displayed along with a user's name when the comment is displayed. Supplying such personal information is completely optional and is only displayed for the benefit and the convenience of the user.

### Aggregated Statistics

MMR Angel may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to the Service. For instance, MMR Angel may monitor the most popular parts of the [URL]. MMR Angel may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, MMR Angel does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.

### Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information

MMR Angel discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on MMR Angel's behalf or to provide services available at MMR Angel's websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using the Service, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. MMR Angel will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, MMR Angel discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only when required to do so by law, or when MMR Angel believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of MMR Angel, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of the Service and have supplied your email address, MMR Angel may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what's going on with MMR Angel and our products. We primarily use our website and blog to communicate this type of information, so we expect to keep this type of email to a minimum. If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. MMR Angel takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.

### Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser provides to the Service each time the visitor returns. MMR Angel uses cookies to help MMR Angel identify and track visitors, their usage of MMR Angel Service, and their Service access preferences. MMR Angel visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using MMR Angel's websites, with the drawback that certain features of MMR Angel's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.

### Data Storage
MMR Angel uses third party vendors and hosting partners to provide the necessary hardware, software, networking, storage, and related technology required to run the Service. You understand that although you retain full rights to your data, it may be stored on third party storage and transmitted through third party networks.

### Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, MMR Angel may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in MMR Angel's sole discretion. MMR Angel encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change. 
